Our Purpose 
The following project management guidelines are written as a satirical, yet practical counterpoint to the insanely infantilizing “Codes of Conduct” that have wedged their grubby foot in the door of software development. 

When you treat people like children, they will behave as children. This is the true goal of Codes of Conduct: displacement of independent, rational adults with petulant, collectivist Identity Politics gatekeepers. An environment where the participants are constantly infighting and jockeying for power is antithetical to the stated goal of software development teams: to produce useful software towards a particular purpose.

Our Characters
Linus - a senior software architect who is respected by all on the team. The consummate professional, Linus only injects his personal opinions when they are applicable to the software project that he’s working on.

Corey - a junior developer that tries to bully others into accepting his ideas about social justice. Constantly seeks to undermine the notion of meritocracy to obfuscate his own shortcomings.

Our Highlights
Linus criticizes bad code on its technical merits alone. Corey personally attacks anyone who doesn’t match his idea of a virtuous person. Don’t be a Corey.

Linus accepts commits to the code base from anyone, as long as they meet the project’s standards. Sure he uses colorful language sometimes when people break the build, but Linus never makes it about the person, just the code. Corey evaluates commits based on an emotional judgment of whether the politics of the submitter are acceptable to him. Don’t be a Corey.

Linus is a great mentor and is fun to talk to at work. He keeps a strict political neutrality policy to help ensure harmony in his work environment. Corey constantly berates his team members for not being a good “ally” for his ever shifting collection of pet political causes. He’s very lonely because no one invites him to have lunch or to go out for drinks after work. Don’t be a Corey.

Linus is great at using social media to promote the project, and he always keeps his personal opinions confined to his personal, non-work accounts. Corey gives the HR Lady migraines because he constantly uses the project as a political soapbox. He isn’t a good debater either, so Corey abuses his position to advocate for political violence against his perceived oppressors. Don’t be a Corey.

